Create 2023-07-18.md (#378)
spdx/meetings: tech/2023-07-18.md

  * Nisha: On the surface the algorithm looks reasonable.
  * Max: Concern it might be more complex.
  * Sean:  Other "methods" may be more problematic.   Level of compaction we get is proportional to homogenity of the information you have.
  * David: Decoupling collections from creation info compaction allows all elements serialized together to be compacted, without being collection members.  Serializing 10 files that are not members of a collection is the use case to test.
  * Nisha: How does a tool implementer know if you're receiving a compacted or not set.
  * Sean: Add property to serialization to denote this.
  * David: One way is to have serialized data have a namespace map property that is info,  creation info that is optional.   
  * Sean: Not sure that this will handle independent elements, without the collection level. 
  * Max: Concern it might not be able to handle som optional fields like "Created Using" = NUL (since might have been compaction to be safe)
  * Details of algorithm can be discussed at serialization meeting. 
    * Is it worth extra complexity for partial inheritance case?  

>     * Value of compaction in general?   Saving a small id string on every element.... anonymous node.  It's a non issue for JSON LD,  rather more an issue for the other formats.   RDF semantics?  or another approach?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Value of compaction in general?
      * Saving a small id string on every element if we use the JSON-LD example where creationInfo is an anonymous node.
      *  Agree that IF the anonymous node approach works, we don't need the compaction algorithm
      * Sean raised a concern about whether the anonymous node approach works - scheduled a separate meeting on Friday to discuss
      * Other serialization formats may benefit from the compaction algorithm - we'll discuss those once we have a specific serialization format
```

  * Which is preferred option:
* Export version range as package version
* Logic works out lowest version number that matches a range
* Not allow export in that situation.  Only allow when lock file and fixed version numbers. 
  * SPDX does allow a lot of flexible for version, but it is technically valid per the spec. 
     * If export with a lock file, will prefer fixed version.   But when just a range - what to do? 
     * Gary would prefer to see a range used, but it may not meet the minimums.
     * Highlight - NTIA minimum SBOM checker - look for ranges to provide a warning.
     * Package managers have different handling it from a range.
     * How provide hash on version range?   Others not able to parse if range? 
     * Version strings are varied in real world, so probably already ranges.   Range is better than nothing.  Nothing is an infinite range. 
     * would we publish an ammendment to  2.3 and explain the semantics and structure of version ranges?  Something to consider for 3.0.

* Doc Generation
   * William to reach out to Alexios about spec parser. 
  
## Decisions
*

## Action Items
*

## Next SPDX Tech Team Meeting 2023-07-25

> * SPDX Lite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SPDX Lite
* Review security diagram to be used as base for other profiles' examples (Rose + Jeff)
* Issue #345: Package Verification Code
```
